= vimpulse-plugin by tarao

Plugins for Vimpulse ( http://www.emacswiki.org/emacs/Vimpulse ).

== vimpulse-cjk.el

=== Usage

  (require 'vimpulse-cjk)

It provides the following CJK patch for Viper/Vimpulse.
- w/b acts properly on CJK texts
- iw/aw text-object acts properly on CJK texts

=== Remarks

This patch only affects on the implementation of Viper. So, it works fine if you are not using Vimpulse but Viper.

== vimpulse-operator-comment.el

=== Usage

  (require 'vimpulse-operator-comment)

It provides comment/uncomment operator. You can use it by typing <tt>C*</tt>, for example, <tt>CC</tt> for commenting out a line at the cursor, <tt>Ciw</tt> for commenting out a word at the cursor. The key can be changed by setting custom variable <tt>vimpulse-operator-comment-key</tt>.

=== Examples

<tt>|</tt> denotes the cursor position.

<tt>Ciw</tt> on
  (foo ba|r)
comments out '<tt>bar</tt>', and <tt>Ci(</tt> comments out '<tt>foo bar</tt>'.

=== Remarks

The idea is taken from http://relaxedcolumn.blog8.fc2.com/blog-entry-154.html, which is to add comment/uncomment operator to Vim.

== vimpulse-relative-linum.el

=== Usage

  (require 'vimpulse-relative-linum)

It provides relative line numbers shown up when you hit operator keys.

=== Dependencies

- linum.el http://stud4.tuwien.ac.at/~e0225855/linum/linum.html (you don't need this if emacs-version >= 23)
- linum+.el http://github.com/tarao/elisp/raw/master/linum+.el

== vimpulse-textobj-between.el

=== Usage

  (require 'vimpulse-textoj-between)

It provides text object for selecting a range between a character. Default key bindings are <tt>ib</tt> and <tt>ab</tt>, which select a range between a character by which the command is followed. <tt>ib</tt> selects an inner range. These bindings can be changed by setting custom variable <tt>vimpulse-textobj-between-i-key</tt> and <tt>vimpulse-textobj-between-a-key</tt>.

=== Examples

<tt>|</tt> denotes the cursor position.

<tt>dib,</tt> on
  foo, b|ar, baz
deletes '<tt> bar</tt>', and <tt>vib:</tt> on
  :foo :b|ar :baz
selects '<tt>bar </tt>'.

=== Remarks

The idea is taken from http://d.hatena.ne.jp/thinca/20100614/1276448745, which is to define textobj-between for Vim.
